Going through tunnel
You can reach the ravine through the tunnel and thus avoid a battle with aggressive Killer Lizards.
#subobj  1
Find the gap in the wall
The tunnel is blocked by a landslide which would seem to have been result of an earthquake. But that same earthquake also made a gap in the wall, opening up a way to the natural cave.
#subobj  2
Avoid the landslide
You can avoid the landslide by going through the natural cave. Then return to the main tunnel.
#subobj  3
Avoid the Golems
Golems are mechanical creatures whose task is to protect catacombs from uninvited guests. If you are detected by an active Golem, your life will be in danger.
#subobj  4
Go out of the tunnel
When you leave the tunnel you will find yourself in the inner part of the ravine near the home of the Magician.
#subobj  5
Sarcophagus
You found a sarcophagus!
#subobj  6
Take the contents of the sarcophagus
There may be some useful things inside the sarcophagus. You have no key, so you must have a high enough "Use/Steal" skill level to get a look inside it!
#subobj  7
Find the sarcophagus with the control key
A spare key which controls the Golems has lain inside that sarcophagus since the beginning of time.
#subobj  8
Take the control key
A key to open the sarcophagus is not needed, you can use the control key on the altar.
#subobj  9
Find the altar room
The altar which controls the Golems must be somewhere close to the tunnel; in all probability the passage to that room is hidden or closed.
#subobj  10
Find the altar
You do not know what the control altar looks like, but you will probably know it when you see it.
#subobj  11
Use the altar
According to the signs on the control panel, the altar will activate a passive Golem whose task is to eliminate the elementals in the western part of the natural cave. In order to use the altar you will need the key.
#subobj  12
Wait...
Even a pitiless Golem needs some time to deal with elementals.
#subobj  14
Find the battlefield
The place where the Golem fought the elementals is in the western part of the cave on a small set past the small lava lake.
#subobj  16
Find the sarcophagus room
In one of the rooms cut into the rock is a sarcophagus guarded by a Golem. It seems unlikely that the Golem would guard an empty sarcophagus!
#subobj  17
Search the sarcophagus
You should have a look inside this sarcophagus; but do not forget that Golems never sleep...
