Exploring observatory ruins
Somewhere among the ruins of the observatory is the key to the mystery of the Dead City. The Observatory is in the northern part of the Middle Mountains, where warring tribes of dragons and harpies live. To enter the observatory, use the amulet to call the dragon who will destroy the Harpies. Remember that the amulet will not work with any dragon, only with the one who lives to the north, a little to the west across the lake. Note: The road to the observatory is very dangerous because of the warlike Lizards. To avoid unnecessary risks you should complete the "Big Shell" and "Making Peace with the Lizards" quests first.
#subobj  1
The road to the lake
A narrow and winding passage in the rocks leads to the lake. It starts a short distance to the north from the altar of the Lizards. If you return the symbol of peace - the Big Shell - to the altar, the Lizards will stop their attacks on humans. Otherwise you must fight your way to the passage, and your chances will not be very good.
#subobj  2
Freeze the lake
The magic of Estera worked! The lake is covered with ice and now you can walk across it!
#subobj  3
Traverse the lake
The areas to the north of the lake are really dangerous. The Harpy-infested ruins of the observatory are there, plus the dragon's lair!
#subobj  4
Find the dragon
The lair of the dragon is in the small valley to the north and a little west of the lake.
#subobj  5
Charm the dragon
If a person with the amulet approaches the dragon, it will not attack but will follow that person like a pet.
#subobj  6
Find the Harpies
Harpies live in the observatory ruins located to the north and a little east of the lake. Use caution: those creatures know magic and are very dangerous!
#subobj  7
Exterminate the Harpies
If the dragon sees harpies he becomes furious and attacks them. T'would be better to go to a safe place during the fighting, or you may be hit by the military magic of both sides.
#subobj  8
Search the observatory
Try to search the ruins for something which could provide information about the Dead City. It may be a map, a book or similar object.
