Getting accounting books
The foreman of Karansul's workshops carries an accounting book. If you can obtain it, you can then put pressure on the merchant. On the southern, eastern and northern shores of the big lake, there are mines, sawmills and other enterprises owned by Karansul. This area is well guarded and there are always many people around - both guards and common labourers. The workers are not armed, but if they see a stranger they may raise the alarm and call the guards.
#subobj  1
Go to the guarded territory
You can get to the territory where the enterprises of Karansul are located through the post on the southern lake shore. The guard force there is not too strong and will not put up serious resistance. To reach the post, find the bridge across the river which flows into the lake from the west, then cross from the northern bank to the southern.
#subobj  2
Find the document
According to the Trapper, the manager carries accounting books on his person. But this information may be incorrect and some of the documents could be somewhere near a mine. Take a look around the mine closest to the entrance on the southern lake shore.
#subobj  3
Take the document
You do not know what is in these papers, but you should take them if only to find out....
#subobj  4
Cross the bridge
The bridge connects the southern part of the industrial area with the northern one, and is guarded by the mercenaries of Karansul.
#subobj  5
Find the home of the Foreman
The Foreman lives in the northern part of the industrial area. You can identify it by the two low brick chimneys on the roof. The Foreman and his bodyguards must be somewhere in the vicinity.
#subobj  6
Get the accounting book
You must find a way to obtain the book which the Foreman carries on his person.
#subobj  7
Leave the guarded territory
You can leave the industrial area through the post on the northern lake shore. There are many guards at that post but they expect trouble from outside the territory, not from the inside.
#subobj  8
Find the mechanical grinder
The pride of Karansul - a mechanical ore grinder powered by a windmill. It is located somewhere in the north eastern part of the industrial area. Any problem with that mechanism will cause great commotion  amongst the workers.
#subobj  9
Break the grinder
If the mechanical grinder fails, the workers and guards will all rush to see what is wrong. Meanwhile you can deal with the Foreman without any interference.
